Provision of the Facility is at the discretion of the Lending Partner, and every Lending Partner reserves the right to reject the Facility to a customer, with or without any notice or reason and without any liability.

The amount of the Facility may be modified and the Facility may be cancelled by your Lending Partner at its sole discretion, and without assigning any reason and without any liability.

I understand that sanction of the facility is at the sole discretion of axio and its co-lender and they reserve the right to reject my application for the facility without assigning any reasons whatsoever.

I understand and agree that axio and its co-lender reserve the right to modify the sanctioned facility amount as per its internal policy at its discretion without assigning any reasons.

I understand that axio reserves the right to cancel or suspend the services of the facility if in axio's opinion the security of the website and/or mobile application or of the data could be compromised for any specific customer, without assigning any reasons.

Notwithstanding anything stated in any document, the Disbursement of the Loan Amount shall be at the sole and absolute discretion of the Bank. Further, the Bank may, at any time at its sole discretion, and without assigning any reason, call upon the Borrower to pay the Outstanding Balance, if due and not paid on or before the relevant date.

Upon such demand made by the Bank, the Borrower shall, within 48 hours of being called upon, pay the whole of the Outstanding Balance to the Bank without any delay or demur.

The Bank shall at any time, without any consent of, or notice to the Borrower(s) be entitled to securitize, sell, assign, discount or transfer all or any part of the Bank's rights and obligations under the Loan Amount or these Terms, to any person(s) and in such manner and on such terms as the Bank may decide.

The Bank shall have the right to not return the photographs, information and documents submitted by the Borrower. The Bank shall, without notice to or without any consent of the Borrower, be absolutely entitled and have full right, power and authority to make disclosure of any information relating to the Borrower, including personal information, to the Credit Information Bureau of India and/or any other government/regulatory/statutory or private agency/entity, credit bureau, RBI, the Bank's other branches/subsidiaries/affiliates/rating agencies, service providers, other banks/financial institutions, and third parties.

The Bank may also share customer information to provide customers with superior services and a range of offers. The Bank shall further reserve the right to disclose the information to any third party, in case the disclosure of the same is for obtaining any additional service/products which may be beneficial to the customer, as per the sole assessment and discretion of the Bank.

All disputes, differences and/or claims arising out of these presents including any dispute as to Outstanding Balance or construction, meaning or effect of these Terms, or the right and liabilities of the Parties hereunder, shall be settled by arbitration, to be held in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 and shall be referred to the arbitration of a sole arbitrator to be nominated by the Bank.

The award of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on all concerned parties.

I understand that not availing loans under this facility may impact my credit score as per the internal scoring logic of the credit bureaus.

Amazon reserves the right to cease to make Amazon Pay Later available as a payment option, at any time, without prior notice and without any liability.
