For various facilities and technology features made available on Paytm Platform, please note that a convenience fee may be chargeable from you by Paytm or its related entities providing respective services.

All transactions of loading money into wallet, via credit or prepaid card, will be charged up to 4% (inclusive of GST) of the amount loaded.

Maintenance charges in the nature of convenience fee and/or platform fee, will be applicable for utilizing recharges and bill payments services on Paytm Platform, e.g. for paying electricity bill, mobile recharge, etc.

Convenience fee is a fee charged towards covering the cost of transactions. This fee is applicable on certain payment methods such as debit card, credit cards, net banking etc.

Paytm reserves the right to charge a nominal Platform Fee for utilizing Paytm's Recharges and Bill Payments service.

The entity providing the service has the right to update the charges levied. Suitable prior notice would be provided to the customers before any changes are made to the charges.

Paytm can levy platform fee in transactions pertaining to merchants which aren't a part of the BBPS ecosystem. This is subject to changes as per circulars issued by NPCI for BBPS.

Paytm and/or the Paytm business partner reserve the right to charge and recover from You, such fees for availing the service as the case may be. These charges shall be effective from the time when they are posted on the Paytm Platform.

You are bound by such revisions and should therefore visit the Paytm Platform to review the applicable fees which may vary from time to time.

Paytm assumes no responsibility and shall incur no liability if it is unable to affect any payment instruction(s) on the payment date owing to circumstances beyond the control of Paytm.

All sales of prepaid recharge on the Paytm Platform are final with no refund or exchange permitted.

Paytm may make changes to any Paytm Services offered on the Paytm Platform, or to the applicable terms for any such Paytm Services, at any time, without notice.

Paytm reserves the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Agreement at any time by posting notification on the Paytm Platform or otherwise communicating the notification to You. The changes will become effective, and shall be deemed accepted by You, 24 hours after the initial posting.

In no event, Paytm or its contractors, agents, licensors, partners or suppliers will be liable to You for any special, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive, reliance, or exemplary damages, beyond or in excess of the amount paid by You, if any, for using the portion of the Paytm Service giving rise to the cause of action, or beyond or in excess Rs. 5,000, whichever is less.

You agree that Paytm, in its sole discretion, for any or no reason, and without penalty, may suspend or terminate Your account or Your use of the Paytm Services/Paytm Platform at any time.

The food voucher is non-refundable, either before or after the expiry or in case of movie / show cancellation or cancellation of booking as per cinema / theatre movie ticket cancellation policy.

Paytm shall not be liable to pay any refunds whatsoever in cases where the airline closes its operations or declares itself as insolvent or has been declared as insolvent in any legal proceedings.

Donation amount transferred erroneously or for any other reason by the Customer to any shrine/place of worship/NGO/trust shall not be refunded to the Customer by One97 in any circumstances.
