ZestMoney may, at its sole discretion, at any time and without advance notice or liability, suspend, terminate or restrict your access to all or any component of the website or the availability of the website itself.

ZestMoney does not provide any guarantee on whether a credit facility will be granted to You. On receipt of the loan application, the decision on whether a credit facility will be provided to You solely vests with the lending partner.

You acknowledge that our lending partners reserve the right to reject your application for any facility without assigning any reasons whatsoever without any intimation to you.

The ZestMoney Credit Limit provided to you is not a credit facility in itself but is our assessment of your eligibility based on various factors including policies of our lending partners, the market influences and our previous experiences.

You acknowledge that the details of all loans availed by you on the ZestMoney platform will be reported to the credit information bureaus as required under applicable law. Your lender also has the right, and obligation, to report your details to CICs in the event that you have delayed repaying your loan instalment.

We take your explicit consent to access your emails (registered with us) for the specific purpose of reading emails relevant to the Services, including bank statements, to access your records in connection with your loan application.

All content and services provided on the website are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. ZestMoney expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement, and security and accuracy.

ZestMoney (including its officers, directors, employees, representatives, affiliates, and providers) will not be responsible or liable for any injury, death, loss, claim, act of god, accident, delay, or any direct, special, exemplary, punitive, indirect, incidental or consequential damages of any kind arising out of or in any way connected with the use of the website or content.

We may update these Terms at any time, with or without advance notice. Using ZestMoney's Services or accessing the Website after a notice of changes has been sent to you or published on the Website will constitute your consent to the changed Terms.

In any proceedings initiated by or against us, ZestMoney will be entitled to recover all legal expenses incurred in connection with the legal action, including but not limited to costs, both taxable and non-taxable, and attorney fees.

The failure of ZestMoney to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
