The fees may vary for each Card member and from offer to offer. The same is communicated to the Card member at the time of applying for the Credit Card.

The fees as applicable are billed to the Card account and are stated in the Card statement of the month in which they are charged. However, the Bank reserves the right to revise the policy and charge Annual Fee on the Card in future with due intimation to customer as per regulatory guidelines.

The Emeralde Private Metal Credit Card is issued as a relationship-based product and is subject to the Cardholder maintaining a minimum relationship value with ICICI Bank, as prescribed by the Bank from time to time. If the Cardholder does not maintain such minimum relationship value, ICICI Bank reserves the right at its discretion and with prior notice, to downgrade, withdraw or discontinue the Card and/or any benefits, features or privileges associated with the Card.

Foreign currency transactions carry a Mark-up of 3.50%. A refund initiated by the customer on similar Foreign Currency transactions will also attract a 3.5% Mark-up fee.

Dynamic Currency Conversion fee will be applied on all transactions conducted in Indian currency at international locations or transactions carried out in Indian currency at merchants located in India but registered in a foreign nation. Any refund initiated by the customer will also attract a DCC fee based on the variant rate.

A fee of 1% of the transaction amount will be charged for fuel transactions exceeding Rs. 10,000, utility payment transactions exceeding Rs. 50,000, and education payments made through third-party apps.

Over-limit charges: 2.50% on the over-limit amount (subject to a minimum of ₹550). Please note over-limit facility will be provided only basis explicit consent from customer as per regulatory guideline.

The rate of interest may be changed at the sole discretion of ICICI Bank. It can be as low as 1.25% per month depending on factors such as, but not limited to, credit history, purchase patterns, payment behavior, loyalty and month-on book. In case of default, interest charges may increase up to a maximum of 3.75% per month.

Finance charges for the revolving credit facility on retail transaction and cash advances = 3.75% per month i.e. 45% per annum. For retail purchases, balance transfer, cash advances, non-payment of minimum amount due, late payment etc. the APR is the same.

Minimum Amount Due shall be 5% of the outstanding amount or such other amount as may be determined by ICICI Bank at its sole discretion.

If the instalment product is availed on Credit card and is prepaid/terminated before the stipulated tenure of the product, the outstanding amount at the time of prepayment/termination together with all interest thereon shall become repayable by the Card Member. In addition, Card Member is liable to pay pre-closure charges of up to 3% on the principal outstanding amount.

All the contents of the statement will be deemed to be correct and accepted if the card member does not inform ICICI bank of the discrepancies within 60 days of the Statement Date in writing.

If all credit cards have not been used for a period of 12 months, the process to close the card shall be initiated after intimating the cardholder. If cardholder wishes to continue using the card in such case, explicit consent within 30 days would be required; failing which, the card account shall be closed.

ICICI Bank may, at its sole discretion, cancel the concerned Credit Card(s), including any add-on Cards and withhold or cancel accrued reward points or cashback at the customer level without prior notice.

The Bank may, at its sole discretion and without prior notice or assigning any reason, refuse authorisation for a transaction at a merchant establishment, restrict or defer usage of the Card, or suspend/cancel the Card.

In the event that the ICICI Bank Credit Card is terminated, whether voluntarily by the Primary Card Member or by the Bank, the Card Member will immediately cease to be eligible for earning reward points or cashback. All unused or unredeemed reward points or cashback shall automatically be forfeited immediately after voluntary or involuntary cancellation.

Reward points have expiry of 36 months from the date of issuance. In case of a single cardholder account, all ICICI Bank Reward Points accrued shall lapse upon cancellation of the Card and shall not be reinstated.

Order once placed through redeeming the reward points cannot be cancelled or modified. Gift vouchers once issued cannot be reversed/exchanged.

If the Card Member fails to pay the Minimum Amount Due by the date indicated in the billing statement, it shall be treated as default. In case of default, the Bank can forward the default report to the Credit Information Bureaus or to such other agencies as approved by law.
