The Cardmember can use the Card to access cash in an emergency from ATMs in India or abroad. A transaction fee of 2.5% (Minimum Rs.500) would be levied on the amount withdrawn. The transaction fee is subject to change at the discretion of HDFC Bank.

HDFC Bank retains the right to alter any charges or fees from time to time or to introduce any new charges or fees, as it may deem appropriate, with due intimation to customer.

HDFC Bank at its sole discretion will determine the Cardmember's credit limit and cash withdrawal limit. HDFC Bank will review the Cardmember account periodically, may decrease the Cardmember credit limit based on internal criteria.

Late Payment Charges will be applicable if Minimum Amount Due is not paid by the payment due date. Late payment charges are applicable as: Less than Rs.100 - Nil, Rs.100 to Rs.500 - Rs.100, Rs.501 to Rs.5000 - Rs.400, Rs.5001 to Rs.10000 - Rs.500, Rs.10001 and above - Rs.750.

Over limit charges are applicable on total outstanding exceeding the Credit Limit at the rate of 2.5% of the over limit amount subject to minimum of Rs.500.

Please note that the Finance Charges and other charges are subject to change at the discretion of HDFC Bank.

All the Contents of the statement will be deemed to be correct and accepted if the Cardmember does not inform HDFC Bank of the discrepancies within 60 days of the Statement Date in writing.

The bank, at any time and without notice, will have lien and right to set-off on all monies belonging to the Cardmember and/or add on Cardmember standing to their credit in any account/custody of the bank, if upon demand by the bank, the balance amount on the card account is not repaid within the prescribed time.

The Bank may restrict/terminate the use of the Card without any further notice, if the Bank reasonably believes it necessary in the interest of the Cardholder and for security reasons.

Bank shall have a right to run periodic checks on the Credit Card usage. Based on the usage patterns, if any of these is suspected by the Bank, Bank may take restrictive action on the Credit Card. Bank's decision in this regard shall be final and binding on the customers.

No annual, joining or renewal fees shall be refunded on a pro-rata basis.

The death or incapacitance of a Cardmember, insolvency, dissolution, bankruptcy or winding up of a corporate body of a Cardmember shall automatically cancel the card issued to the Cardmember. All amounts outstanding on the Card Account shall be deemed to have immediately become due on death or incapacitance.

The Bank is not liable or responsible for any transaction incurred on the card account prior to time of reporting of the loss of the card, and the Cardmember will be wholly liable for the same.

If the Cardmember has acted fraudulently the Cardmember will be liable for all losses. If the Cardmember acts without reasonable care, the Cardmember may be liable for all losses incurred.

The Bank reserves the right to cancel or suspend Reward Points accrued on the Credit Card if it is in arrears, suspension or default or if the Card Account is or is reasonably suspected to be operated fraudulently. Reward Points earned but not redeemed at the time of death of the Cardmember shall be forfeited.

If the Credit Card is not used for more than 365 days, Reward Points accrued will be nullified.

The Cardmember acknowledges that as per existing business practices, the Bank can disclose from time to time any information relating to the Credit Card(s), to any credit bureau (Existing or Future) without any notice to the customer.

The bank will, at its own discretion, record specific conversations between the Cardmember and the representative of the Bank, in cases of grievance-related conversation or payments-recovery-related conversations or any other conversations, that the Bank may deem fit.

Bank has the right to withdraw the Priority Pass membership or any other benefit associated with your credit card if your card is closed or remains inactive for more than 90 days.
