AU Small Finance Bank retains the right to alter any charges or fees from time to time or to introduce any new charges or fees, as it may deem appropriate, with due intimation to customer.

A transaction fee of 2.5% or INR 500 whichever is higher would be levied on the amount withdrawn as cash advance and would be billed to the Cardholder in the next statement. All cash advances also carry a finance charge from the date of withdrawal until the date of full payment.

Late Payment Charges would be applicable if Minimum Amount Due is not paid by the Payment due date. Late payment charges are 15% of Total Amount Due, with a Minimum of Rs. 10 and Maximum of Rs. 1300. This charge will also be applicable if you make a payment of less than the minimum amount due by the payment due date.

Over limit Charges are applicable on total outstanding exceeding the Credit Limit at the rate of 2.5% of the over limit amount subject to minimum of ₹500.

AU Small Finance Bank, at its sole discretion, may allow cards to go overlimit after taking an explicit consent from Cardholders to enable overlimit facility. Over-limit status may also happen because of fees or interest charges.

AU Small Finance Bank will review the Cardholder account periodically and may revise the Cardholder Credit Limit based on internal criteria.

Fair usage charges apply on Fuel, Utility, Education, Rent, and Transportation spends: a 1% charge is levied on aggregate spends exceeding specified monthly thresholds in these categories, charged before the 15th of the next calendar month.

Priority Pass lounge usage charges of $35 plus taxes will be applicable for all Domestic and International Airport lounge visits within India after exceeding complimentary visits. These charges will be billed in Cardholder's subsequent statement within 90 days of the date of visit.

Bank has the right to withdraw the Priority Pass membership, or any other benefit associated with credit card if the card is closed or remains inactive for more than 90 days.

Payment Return Charges: 2% of total amount due or ₹500, whichever is higher, applicable on Cheque, ECS/NACH, or Autopay Return failures.

No Card annual or renewal fees shall be refunded upon termination of the Card Account.

Based on the usage patterns of the Credit Card by Cardholder, if any of the usage patterns are suspected by AU Small Finance Bank, the Bank may take restrictive action on the Credit Card including withdrawal of card features or benefits or complete termination of the Card. AU Bank's decision in this regard shall be final and binding on all the cardholders.

In the event of a Credit Card program closure or at the time of renewal of credit card, AU Small Finance Bank at its sole discretion reserves the right to provide a card type that is different from the existing card type held by the cardholder.

All transactions of statement shall be deemed to be correct and accepted by cardholder unless any discrepancy is notified to the bank within 7 days from statement generation date or 37 days from transaction processing date.

Failure on the part of the AU SFB to complete the process of closure of Credit Card within seven working days shall result in a penalty of ₹500 per calendar day of delay payable to the customer, till the closure of Credit Card, provided there is no outstanding in the Credit Card account.

Reissue of Lost, Stolen or Damaged Card costs ₹100, or ₹2500 plus Taxes for the Zenith+ and AU CA Credit Card variants.
