The Company shall not be liable to make any payment in respect of consequential loss, depreciation, wear and tear, mechanical or electrical breakdown, failures or breakages.

The Company shall not be liable to make any payment in respect of any accidental loss or damage suffered whilst the insured or any person driving the vehicle with the knowledge and consent of the insured is under the influence of intoxicating liquor or drugs.

No admission, offer, promise, payment or indemnity shall be made or given by or on behalf of the insured without the written consent of the Company.

The Company may at its own option repair, reinstate or replace the vehicle or part thereof and/or its accessories or may pay in cash the amount of the loss or damage, and the liability of the Company shall not exceed the Insured's Declared Value of the vehicle less the value of the wreck, for total loss claims.

The Company may cancel the policy by sending seven days notice by recorded delivery to the insured at insured's last known address. Under normal circumstances, Policy will not be cancelled except for reasons of fraud. No refund of Premium shall be due on cancellation of Policy if a claim has been made by You, whether such Claim was admitted or repudiated.

If at the time of occurrence of an event that gives rise to any claim under this policy there is in existence any other insurance covering the same liability, the Company shall not be liable to pay or contribute more than its ratable proportion of any compensation, cost or expense.

On receipt of all required information/documents that are relevant and necessary for the claim, the Company shall, within a period of 30 days, offer a settlement of the claim to the insured. If the Company, for any reasons, decides to reject a claim under the policy, it shall do so within a period of 30 days from the receipt of last relevant and necessary document.

The due observance and fulfillment of the terms, conditions and endorsements of this Policy in so far as they relate to anything to be done or complied with by the insured and the truth of the statements and answers in the said proposal shall be conditions precedent to any liability of the Company to make any payment under this Policy.

On renewal, the benefits provided under the policy and/or terms and conditions of the policy including premium rate may be subject to change.

The Company reserves its rights to abide by any order of the court in regard to declaration about the legal heir/heiress and ownership of the vehicle and the nominee will not have any right to dispute such order of the Court.

A policy can be cancelled only after ensuring that the insured vehicle is insured elsewhere, at least for Liability Only cover and after surrender of the original Certificate of Insurance for cancellation.
