A Processing Fee is a nominal one time fee which is levied by the Financing Partner towards each Flipkart EMI loan, to cover the sanctioning and processing of the loan. Details of Processing Fees will be contained in your monthly statement.

The loan processing fee levied on your Flipkart EMI transaction will be applied on each EMI transaction and will be visible in your subsequent bill. Processing fee with effect from 15th Nov '24: 2 Months 1.25% plus GST, no minimum cap; 6 Months 1.5% plus GST, no minimum cap; 12 Months 2% plus GST, no minimum cap.

Foreclosure charge of 3.39% of your unbilled principal outstanding amount will be applicable. This is exclusive of GST. These charges are subject to change as per changes in lender pricing policy and T&Cs changes and shall be duly communicated to you.

As per the Bank's policy, the active loan offer for a user will only be replenished once the active loan amount is fully repaid.

Why is my Flipkart EMI account blocked? Your account can be blocked due to: overdue payments or your repayment was post 30 days past due date; breach of Flipkart Advanz's T&C; breach of lending partner's T&C; due to internal Flipkart policies; due to our lending partner's internal policies.

Legal action may also be initiated by our Financing Partner against delinquent customers. The Financing Partner will also report the non-payment of the loan to the relevant credit information bureau(s). This will adversely affect your ability to borrow in the future.

The Processing Fee would not be refunded post purchase on partial cancellation. The Fee will only be refunded in the event of a complete cancellation of all the items in the cart.

What happens if I don't pay my bill by the due date? No late payment charges will be applied. Please note that this might change in the future which will be duly communicated to you.

In case you have already paid an EMI installment, the excess amount collected will be refunded back to your bank account. However, please note that there will be no refund to your bank account given the payment was deducted using your Flipkart EMI loan amount only.

Flipkart EMI will reflect in your credit history/report as a loan for the amount assigned to you.

The cooling off/look-up period is the time window which allows the customer to exit EMI loans without any penalty. It is currently 3 days from the day of transaction, but this is subject to policy and T&Cs change.

Please note once you withdraw your consent for sharing credit information, you will not be able to use your Flipkart EMI anymore. You will be asked to clear your pending dues post which your account will be closed.
