Through the Services, you may apply for the Loan, subject to the fulfilment of the eligibility criteria laid down. You understand that the Company has been appointed by LENDER to collect, authenticate, track your location, verify and confirm the User Data, documents and details as may be required by LENDER to sanction the Loan.

The Company reserves the right to accept or reject your registration for the Services without obligation of explanation.

You understand and acknowledge that the Company reserves the right to track your location during the provision of Services, and also in the event that you stop, cease, discontinue to use or avail the Services, through deletion or uninstallation of Mobile App or otherwise, till the event that your obligations to pay the Outstanding Amount(s) to LENDER exist. Deletion, uninstallation, discontinuation of our Services, shall not release you from the responsibility, obligation and liability to repay the Outstanding Amount(s).

You understand and acknowledge that you shall be solely responsible for all the activities that occur under your User Account while availing the Services.

The Company reserves its rights to terminate these Terms in the event you breach any provision of these Terms, the Company is required to do so under law, or the Company chooses to discontinue the Services being offered or discontinue to operate the Platform.

The Company reserves its right to Track you, even when you have uninstalled the App or even after termination of these Terms, until all your obligations, including but not limited to payment of the Outstanding Amount(s) is in subsistence.

Notwithstanding anything contained in these Terms or otherwise, the termination of these Terms for any reason whatsoever, shall not affect your obligations, including but not limited to repayment of the Outstanding Amount(s).

You expressly understand and agree that your use of the Services and the Platform is at your sole risk. The Services and the Platform are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. The Company expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied.

The Company shall not be liable for any damages accruing out of the use of the Services which have not been expressly stipulated under these Terms.

You agree to indemnify and hold the Company, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders or other partners, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your violation of these Terms.

The Company reserves the right to modify, change, substitute, remove, suspend or update these Terms or any information thereof at any time by posting the updated Terms on the Platform. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon such posting.

You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to availing of the Services or these Terms must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.

Parties further agree that the courts in Pune, Maharashtra, India shall have an exclusive jurisdiction over such disputes.

Fibe reserves the right to discontinue, add, alter, withdraw, modify, any of the terms and conditions of referral discount program without assigning any reasons. In case of any dispute in relation to referral program, Fibe's decision shall be binding on all customers.

Fibe reserves the right to review and investigate all referral activities and to suspend accounts or revoke / remove referral discount and withhold features or benefits obtained through Fibe referral program.
